Okay. So when I started college as a freshman, I was at San Diego State
University. I had chosen psychology is my major, but wasn't really
super excited about it. I just needed something to kind of right in
that. That spot on the application, Um, and really, my first two years
of college were all about learning how to function on my own. So
it was my first time living away from home. Um, for the first year,
I was living in the dorms for the second year, I got this house with
a like 8000 other people, like, literally. It was a two bedroom house,
and I think there were 10 of us living in it. It was crazy. S o.
I honestly think that the focus of that time in my college career
was just on me kind of learning how to function as a semi adult, Um,
in the last bit of my like the last couple of years of my bachelor's
degree, Um, that's when I had kind of gotten a little bit more serious
about school, mainly just because I wanted to finish like I did
not want to be in. I didn't want to be working on my bachelors degree
for like, eight years. I wanted to get done. Um, s o I was a little
bit more focused on this student. Um, and I had, you know, kind of
figured out the paying my bills and doing my laundry and, you know,
feeding myself stuff, Thio at least a minimal level. Um, and you know,
and so I finished my bachelor's degree. And at that point, honestly,
first of all, I was really interested in bio psychology and wanted
to continue exploring it. And second of all, I also kind of felt
like I am not prepared really to do anything like I didn't have, like,
a career path, like, Okay, this is my next step. Um And so for
that reason, I ended up going to graduate school. And so I was in a
master's program and learning more about bio psychology and at that
point, kind of learning more about career path and what might work for
me in psychology. And ultimately that led me Thio joining a PhD program